some typos (#10771)
gatsbyjs/gatsby: docs/docs/testing-components-with-graphql.md

## Testing StaticQuery

> The method above works for page queries, as you can pass the data indirectly to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 The method above works for page queries, as you can pass the data in directly to
```

(this was correct the way it was!)

are always reproducible and don't fail if, for example, the network is down or
the data source changes. In this example, `Header` is impure as it makes a
query, so the output depends on something apart from its props. `PureHeader` is

> pure because its return value is entirely dependent on the props passed it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 pure because its return value is entirely dependent on the props passed to it.
```

(sorry missed this one!)
